so let's start in Northern G where
Israeli forces have withdrawn from the
alifa medical complex after a two week
long Siege Witnesses say dozens of
bodies have been left lying on the
ground outside the hospital buildings
the World Health Organization says 21
patients died during the military
operation buildings and medical
equipment have been badly damaged the G
of Health Ministry says the Israeli Army
killed more than 400 people during the
raid aljer is aul was at the medical
complex in Gaza City and has more on the
situation
overnight we are now inside alefa
Hospital following the withdrawal of
Israeli forces after a two we military
operation there is total
Destruction buildings in all departments
have been burned and the structure of
the complex has been damaged from the
inside stairs doors and even the walls
are completely destroyed from what we
can see it appears the occupation forces
deliberately targeted the health sector
and destroyed the largest medical
complex in Gaza City in fact in the
whole
Strip This complex used to provide care
to about
2,300,000 people in all
specializations now it's demolished and
out of service and no one can repair
what is
left people are trying to salvage what
they can from the ruins the hospital was
also serving as a shelter for displaced
people but now it's destroyed there is
no life here the complex is in Ruins and
cannot be
revived well Mo reports from Jalia in
Northern Gaza
now the Israeli forces with Dr after two
weeks after spending two weeks of
besieging and killing and arresting
civilians inside aifa and the in the
neighborhood of aifa Hospital
so after spending two weeks of a shifa
complex the Israeli forces with Dr
yesterday night from that complex
now the civil defense
and medical staff heading to a sh
complex to for Recovery uh for Recovery
work until now the confirmation of the
confirmed news about a shifa complex
that is
the the buildings are totally destroyed
medical machines are totally destroyed
dead bodies in the
street as you know more than 107 as as
DEC as declared by the media
Palestinian governmental
media office there were 100 S patients
107 people were stuck inside the uh
development a human resource Development
building which is not prepared at all
for medical care